# BrokerMqtt

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**IdleTimeout** | [***OneOfbrokerMqttIdleTimeout**](OneOfbrokerMqttIdleTimeout.md) | Configure the duration of time that a connection can remain idle (i.e., without any data transfer) before being:&lt;br/&gt;  - Automatically disconnected  if no CONNECT package is received from the client yet.&lt;br/&gt;  - Put into hibernation mode to save resources if some CONNECT packages are already received.&lt;br/&gt;Note: Please set the parameter with caution as long idle time will lead to resource waste. | [optional] [default to 15s]
**MaxPacketSize** | **string** | Maximum MQTT packet size allowed. | [optional] [default to 1MB]
**MaxClientidLen** | **int32** | Maximum allowed length of MQTT Client ID. | [optional] [default to 65535]
**MaxTopicLevels** | **int32** | Maximum topic levels allowed. | [optional] [default to 128]
**MaxTopicAlias** | **int32** | Maximum topic alias, 0 means no topic alias supported. | [optional] [default to 65535]
**RetainAvailable** | **bool** | Whether to enable support for MQTT retained message. | [optional] [default to true]
**WildcardSubscription** | **bool** | Whether to enable support for MQTT wildcard subscription. | [optional] [default to true]
**SharedSubscription** | **bool** | Whether to enable support for MQTT shared subscription. | [optional] [default to true]
**SharedSubscriptionStrategy** | **string** | Dispatch strategy for shared subscription.&lt;br/&gt;  - &#x60;random&#x60;: dispatch the message to a random selected subscriber&lt;br/&gt;  - &#x60;round_robin&#x60;: select the subscribers in a round-robin manner&lt;br/&gt;  - &#x60;round_robin_per_group&#x60;: select the subscribers in round-robin fashion within each shared subscriber group&lt;br/&gt;  - &#x60;local&#x60;: select random local subscriber otherwise select random cluster-wide&lt;br/&gt;  - &#x60;sticky&#x60;: always use the last selected subscriber to dispatch, until the subscriber disconnects.&lt;br/&gt;  - &#x60;hash_clientid&#x60;: select the subscribers by hashing the &#x60;clientIds&#x60;&lt;br/&gt;  - &#x60;hash_topic&#x60;: select the subscribers by hashing the source topic | [optional] [default to SHARED_SUBSCRIPTION_STRATEGY.ROUND_ROBIN]
**ExclusiveSubscription** | **bool** | Whether to enable support for MQTT exclusive subscription. | [optional] [default to false]
**IgnoreLoopDeliver** | **bool** | Whether the messages sent by the MQTT v3.1.1/v3.1.0 client will be looped back to the publisher itself, similar to &lt;code&gt;No Local&lt;/code&gt; in MQTT 5.0. | [optional] [default to false]
**StrictMode** | **bool** | Whether to parse MQTT messages in strict mode.&lt;br/&gt;In strict mode, invalid utf8 strings in for example client ID, topic name, etc. will cause the client to be disconnected. | [optional] [default to false]
**ResponseInformation** | **string** | UTF-8 string, for creating the response topic, for example, if set to &lt;code&gt;reqrsp/&lt;/code&gt;, the publisher/subscriber will communicate using the topic prefix &lt;code&gt;reqrsp/&lt;/code&gt;.&lt;br/&gt;To disable this feature, input &lt;code&gt;\&quot;\&quot;&lt;/code&gt; in the text box below. Only applicable to MQTT 5.0 clients. | [optional] 
**ServerKeepalive** | [***OneOfbrokerMqttServerKeepalive**](OneOfbrokerMqttServerKeepalive.md) | The keep alive duration required by EMQX. To use the setting from the client side, choose disabled from the drop-down list. Only applicable to MQTT 5.0 clients. | [optional] [default to disabled]
**KeepaliveMultiplier** | **float64** | Keep-Alive Timeout &#x3D; Keep-Alive interval × Keep-Alive Multiplier.&lt;br/&gt;The default value 1.5 is following the MQTT 5.0 specification. This multiplier is adjustable, providing system administrators flexibility for tailoring to their specific needs. For instance, if a client&#x27;s 10-second Keep-Alive interval PINGREQ gets delayed by an extra 10 seconds, changing the multiplier to 2 lets EMQX tolerate this delay. | [optional] [default to 1.5]
**RetryInterval** | **string** | Retry interval for QoS 1/2 message delivering. | [optional] [default to 30s]
**UseUsernameAsClientid** | **bool** | Whether to use Username as Client ID.&lt;br/&gt;This setting takes effect later than &lt;code&gt;Use Peer Certificate as Username&lt;/code&gt; and &lt;code&gt;Use peer certificate as Client ID&lt;/code&gt;. | [optional] [default to false]
**PeerCertAsUsername** | **string** | Use the CN, DN field in the peer certificate or the entire certificate content as Username. Only works for the TLS connection.&lt;br/&gt;Supported configurations are the following:&lt;br/&gt;- &lt;code&gt;cn&lt;/code&gt;: CN field of the certificate&lt;br/&gt;- &lt;code&gt;dn&lt;/code&gt;: DN field of the certificate&lt;br/&gt;- &lt;code&gt;crt&lt;/code&gt;: Content of the &lt;code&gt;DER&lt;/code&gt; or &lt;code&gt;PEM&lt;/code&gt; certificate&lt;br/&gt;- &lt;code&gt;pem&lt;/code&gt;: Convert &lt;code&gt;DER&lt;/code&gt; certificate content to &lt;code&gt;PEM&lt;/code&gt; format and use as Username&lt;br/&gt;- &lt;code&gt;md5&lt;/code&gt;: MD5 value of the &lt;code&gt;DER&lt;/code&gt; or &lt;code&gt;PEM&lt;/code&gt; certificate | [optional] [default to PEER_CERT_AS_USERNAME.DISABLED]
**PeerCertAsClientid** | **string** | Use the CN, DN field in the peer certificate or the entire certificate content as Client ID. Only works for the TLS connection.&lt;br/&gt;Supported configurations are the following:&lt;br/&gt;- &lt;code&gt;cn&lt;/code&gt;: CN field of the certificate&lt;br/&gt;- &lt;code&gt;dn&lt;/code&gt;: DN field of the certificate&lt;br/&gt;- &lt;code&gt;crt&lt;/code&gt;: &lt;code&gt;DER&lt;/code&gt; or &lt;code&gt;PEM&lt;/code&gt; certificate&lt;br/&gt;- &lt;code&gt;pem&lt;/code&gt;: Convert &lt;code&gt;DER&lt;/code&gt; certificate content to &lt;code&gt;PEM&lt;/code&gt; format and use as Client ID&lt;br/&gt;- &lt;code&gt;md5&lt;/code&gt;: MD5 value of the &lt;code&gt;DER&lt;/code&gt; or &lt;code&gt;PEM&lt;/code&gt; certificate | [optional] [default to PEER_CERT_AS_CLIENTID.DISABLED]
**SessionExpiryInterval** | **string** | Specifies how long the session will expire after the connection is disconnected, only for non-MQTT 5.0 connections. | [optional] [default to 2h]
**MaxAwaitingRel** | [***OneOfbrokerMqttMaxAwaitingRel**](OneOfbrokerMqttMaxAwaitingRel.md) | For each publisher session, the maximum number of outstanding QoS 2 messages pending on the client to send PUBREL. After reaching this limit, new QoS 2 PUBLISH requests will be rejected with &#x60;147(0x93)&#x60; until either PUBREL is received or timed out. | [optional] [default to 100]
**MaxQosAllowed** | **int32** | Maximum QoS allowed. | [optional] [default to 2]
**MqueuePriorities** | [***OneOfbrokerMqttMqueuePriorities**](OneOfbrokerMqttMqueuePriorities.md) | Topic priorities. Priority number [1-255]&lt;br/&gt;There&#x27;s no priority table by default, hence all messages are treated equal.&lt;br/&gt;&lt;br/&gt;**NOTE**: Comma and equal signs are not allowed for priority topic names.&lt;br/&gt;**NOTE**: Messages for topics not in the priority table are treated as either highest or lowest priority depending on the configured value for &lt;code&gt;mqtt.mqueue_default_priority&lt;/code&gt;.&lt;br/&gt;&lt;br/&gt;**Examples**:&lt;br/&gt;To configure &lt;code&gt;\&quot;topic/1\&quot; &gt; \&quot;topic/2\&quot;&lt;/code&gt;:&lt;br/&gt;&lt;code&gt;mqueue_priorities: {\&quot;topic/1\&quot;: 10, \&quot;topic/2\&quot;: 8}&lt;/code&gt; | [optional] [default to disabled]
**MqueueDefaultPriority** | **string** | Default topic priority, which will be used by topics not in &lt;code&gt;Topic Priorities&lt;/code&gt; (&lt;code&gt;mqueue_priorities&lt;/code&gt;). | [optional] [default to MQUEUE_DEFAULT_PRIORITY.LOWEST]
**MqueueStoreQos0** | **bool** | Specifies whether to store QoS 0 messages in the message queue while the connection is down but the session remains. | [optional] [default to true]
**MaxMqueueLen** | [***OneOfbrokerMqttMaxMqueueLen**](OneOfbrokerMqttMaxMqueueLen.md) | Maximum queue length. Enqueued messages when persistent client disconnected, or inflight window is full. | [optional] [default to 1000]
**MaxInflight** | **int32** | Maximum number of QoS 1 and QoS 2 messages that are allowed to be delivered simultaneously before completing the acknowledgment. | [optional] [default to 32]
**MaxSubscriptions** | [***OneOfbrokerMqttMaxSubscriptions**](OneOfbrokerMqttMaxSubscriptions.md) | Maximum number of subscriptions allowed per client. | [optional] [default to infinity]
**UpgradeQos** | **bool** | Force upgrade of QoS level according to subscription. | [optional] [default to false]
**AwaitRelTimeout** | **string** | For client to broker QoS 2 message, the time limit for the broker to wait before the &#x60;PUBREL&#x60; message is received. The wait is aborted after timed out, meaning the packet ID is freed for new &#x60;PUBLISH&#x60; requests. Receiving a stale &#x60;PUBREL&#x60; causes a warning level log. Note, the message is delivered to subscribers before entering the wait for PUBREL. | [optional] [default to 300s]

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

